Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Sean: Finn Wallace may be gone.
But I still see him
everywhere I go.
♪♪
Look around.
You'll see him. too.
I could hear him as you all
filed in and took your seats.
He lives on in the murmurs
of a thousand languages.
each telling their
story of how...
Finn Wallace was
able to change their life.
His story is forever carved
into the skyline of this city.
A city he transformed
into his likeness.
And I miss the man.
I miss him.
More than any amount
of words can say.
His smile alone
would've washed away
the silence that
fills this room.
Finn Wallace.
Dad.
He believed in people.
He believed in
giving opportunities
to the disadvantaged.
[Cellphone chimes]
He gave.
He supported.
He did so much for all of us.
[Whispering indistinctly]
All of you.
♪♪
My father was taken from
us on the streets of London.
And now London will deliver
to us those that took him.
Finn Wallace.
He's still here.
He's in me.
♪♪
[Engine revving]
[Mozzik's "Ghetto" plays]
[Man rapping in Albanian]
♪♪
[Cellphone rings]
[Ringing continues]
♪♪
[Speaking Albanian]
Almost there.
♪♪
You two stay here.
Where are we going?
That way.
♪♪
That way. Go!
Aah! Come on.
Here.
You've been keeping him here?
Would anyone have looked?
Move. [Door opens. bell dings]
♪♪
[Door closes]
We've just come
to collect someone.
Nothing more.
♪♪
[Door opens. bell dings]
Tell them.
[Shouting in Albanian]
♪♪
[Door closes]
[Lock engages]
♪♪
Come on.
Open the door!
Tell him!
[Speaking Albanian]
[Door opens]
He's in much better shape
now than when we picked him up.
Trust me.
Can you walk? Who
the fuck are you?
I'm gonna take you
back to the Wallaces.
Come on. Let's get you up.
Make sure you tell
Sean we took care of him.
I didn't know what
went down before...
[Dart-gun shot]
♪♪
Don't recognize you.
No reason to.
Elliot.
♪♪
[Speaking Albanian]
You. You must be Jack.
A lot of people have
been looking for you.
I had no knowledge you
were being held in here.
But here you are. still alive.
You came so far.
And I trust you can find
your way safely back.
Mm.
Please.
♪♪
Ah.
Elliot. don't ever come
to my place of business
brandishing a weapon again.
I just came for him.
And I let you.
Make that clear when
you take him back.
♪♪
[Whimpering]
[Speaking Albanian]
♪♪
Oh. God!
[Breathing heavily]
♪♪
Mind your head.
[Screams]
Fuck! Man: What the
fuck has happened to him?
Just go!
Oi!
Oh. fucking... fucking Jesus.
Oh. God!
[Groaning]
[Up-tempo music plays]
[Coughing]
Fuck.
Jack.
Jack. tell me what you know.
I fucked up. man. Yeah?
I-I should've... What happened?
Who killed him? [Coughing]
Jack?
♪♪
Kids. Kids.
Fucking nobodies. man.
Fucking nobodies.
In some...
[Coughing]
red Nova.
Mm-hmm?
Yes?
G-4...
4-3...
Okay. yeah. Red Nova G443.
S-A-V.
♪♪
We should leave.
Should we leave? Darren?
All right. I don't know.
Okay?
Look. they have
to know it was us.
And if they don't by
now. your dad will.
We got enough here to
lay low. Just have to wait.
For how long? I
mean. it's not like you
just fucking forget
something like that.
Call 'em again.
Look. they might be able
to do something to help us.
I keep tellin' you...
It's a dead line.
They fucked us.
♪♪
We're on our own.
[Indistinct conversations]
Come on.
Oh. bollocks. he's leaking.
Grab us... Grab
us a towel. will you?
Fucking boys! Where you off to?
Aah!
Jesus Christ!
No. no. no! Please. no!
No. no!
[Screams]
Fuck!
Where's your fucking brother?!
'Cause I heard he had
a fucking pistol on him
and he and my boy went
and put a bullet in
some Albanian nobody.
Now I ain't seen either since.
But I know they're not in hiding
'cause of some
fucking dead Albanian.
I swear to God! I
don't know anything!
Well. that makes two of us now.
Dad!
[Breathing heavily]
loan. He asked if
he could borrow her.
I swear to God. Kinney.
I don't know anything.
So please don't!
Find 'em!
Both of 'em!
I want Luan right
here. on his knees.
explaining himself.
His men took Jack.
and I want to know why.
Okay. Sean. just stop. Stop.
Dragging Luan
across the city now
makes us look desperate.
We have got to play this right.
I have the entire city
looking for his killer.
We are making enemies
out of business partners.
And the longer that goes
on. the sooner they turn on us.
We've got to find a
peaceful solution to this.
Did you see my
dad's face in there?
I'm not interested in peace.
Marian. talk to your boy.
I agree with Sean.
Whoever killed my husband
remains an enemy to this family.
If we back down now.
they'll walk all over us.
- It's not about backing down.
- En... Enough!
All of you.
Our strength lies in our unity.
That's what your
dad built for us.
[Sighs]
Listen. son.
I want nothing more
than to bring you the head
of whoever the hell had
the guts to do this to us.
But. in that meeting. this
morning. you acted alone.
And that makes us
look weak and divided.
Work with me. Sean.
and I promise you
I will give you everything.
just like I did for your father.
I'm glad to hear it.
[Indistinct shouting
in distance]
♪♪
- No fucking way!
- Jack!
Take your fucking
hands off him now!
Jack! Get him in the boardroom!
- Watch out.
- I'm so fucking sorry.
Get him outside! No. no.
He stays.
Come on. Jack.
Come on. Jack. It's
okay. Get a doctor.
Get a doctor! Come on. Jack.
Come on. Jack.
Come on. Jack. It's okay.
[Indistinct conversations]
Where have you been? Jack?
- Sean.
- Give him some space.
No. no. no. Jack.
No. no. no. no. No.
Fuck!
♪♪
How's he doing in
there? He passed out.
Yeah. he does that a lot.
- Who the fuck are you?
- It's okay. He's one of ours.
He's the twat that
tore up the pub.
Elliot.
I'm the one who found him.
And you did all of
that on your own?
What was it? Six of them?
Eight. But I had a dart. so...
♪♪
Come on.
[Door closes]
If he wanted to. Luan could've
killed us there and then.
Easily.
[Knock on door. door opens]
♪♪
Doctor gave him a shot.
He'll be out until the morning.
Take him back to
his flat. He needs rest.
♪♪
Let him sleep it off. We'll
grill him in the morning.
♪♪
Sean. Trust me.
It's a good thing
you didn't need it.
Get on your knees. Sean.
No. I don't buy it.
Look. Luan gave Jack back to us.
That has to mean
something. No. no. no. no.
He sent you. didn't he?
What? No.
No. I work for Jim.
I work for you.
You expect me to
believe some street grunt
can do what you just did?!
We spent a week
searching the city.
You find him in
a day! It's bullshit.
You're a fucking wooden horse.
Go on. then. Cut me open.
♪♪
Don't even.
I'm my father's son. and I
will take a fucking belt sander
to your eyes if you
don't start talking.
Fuck off!
Shit I've been
through today for you.
Risked my life to drag
that dizzy cunt to your door.
and you put a fucking
gun to my head?
Fuck you!
You done?
He saw who did it.
Jack.
He saw who killed your father.
He said...
He said it was a
couple of pikey kids.
Are you fucking high?
I'm just telling
you what he said.
♪♪
What else?
He gave me a number plate.
I swear to God. if any
of this is fucking bullshit...
Yeah. yeah. belt sander.
I get it. but when you
find out this is true...
♪♪
I work for you.
Not Jim.
Not even fucking Mark.
You.
♪♪
Right.
Make it known I want everyone
searching for these fuckers.
I don't care if they work for
us or they're paid off by us.
They join the hunt.
It's Elliot. right?
♪♪
That includes you.
[Lock disengages]
[Man speaking
indistinctly on TV]
[Door closes]
Elliot: Dad?
Elliot?
Give us a second.
Make you a cup of tea first.
Carer made me a
fresh one before she left.
Oh. yeah?
When was that? A month ago?
It's got more skin on
it than Auntie Joan.
[Laughs]
Nah. it's all right. I
don't need another one.
All right.
Oh. uh. Sally said she might
not be able to come next week.
Says it's not up to her.
Don't you worry about that.
She'll be here.
That should do you a
couple of weeks in advance.
I might not be able
to pop in next week.
Work's picking up.
I'm sure a week
late's fine. son.
Yeah. but. you
know. just in case.
The thing is.
I might not be able to
make it in for a while.
Just remember to give
that to her tomorrow. right?
Right. let me see 'em.
Oh. Elliot. Come
on. put them up.
That's it. champ.
You know. Social's fine. boy.
I'm not completely
incapable. you know.
I know you're not. Dad.
But no Sally on Social.
She's taken a shine to you.
Am I gonna have to tell her
you wanna break her heart?
Ah. she's just a
fine kid. that's all.
Reminds me of Naomi.
You can't run away
from it forever. you know.
Right. that's you done.
Going down in
the fourth tonight?
Elliot. Or is it the third?
It was usually one or the other.
Hardly broke a sweat
some nights. did you. Dad?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. That was...
I'll watch a bit of telly with
you before you go to bed.
♪♪
[Cellphone chimes]
[Cellphone beeps]
[Ringing]
♪♪
[Ringing continues]
Pat: loan?
Is that you?
Please. loan.
Where are you. boy?
Pat...
I'm sorry about your car.
Fuck's sake. forget about
the car. you useless prick.
We fucked up.
What were you thinkin'?
We didn't know. I swear.
I really did try to stop it.
♪♪
The fuck are we gonna do. Pat?
Darren says we've gotta
lay low while we wait it out.
There is no layin' low.
Man was too big for that.
We didn't know it'd be him.
We just did it for the money.
♪♪
[Sniffles]
Please...
tell me where you are.
Let me help you.
Saint Ralph's.
by the train tracks.
Fifth floor.
♪♪
I love you. Pat.
Just wait till I'm there. okay?
I'm so sorry.
♪♪
[Cellphone dings]
[Suspenseful music plays]
♪♪
[Car alarm chirps]
[Engine starts]
[Engine revving.
tires screeching]
♪♪
[Pounding on door]
Kinney: Open the fuckin' door!
Open the fuckin' door!
Look. I'm sorry. guys!
I know you're in there. Darren.
Do what I say. and
open this fuckin' door!
♪♪
[Kick lands]
[Grunts]
♪♪
Man: Fucking kid.
[Speaks indistinctly]
Pat: Fuck you! Fuck all of you!
[Speaking indistinctly]
He was gonna leave it.
All right! Fuck off. Pat.
Loan did it to himself.
Yeah. he saved his
own. though. didn't he?
Blood's blood.
Yeah. and so's mine.
What are you gonna do?
Take on Kinney? Didn't think so.
Your father'd beat
you worse than he did
for talkin' like that.
He's no father of mine.
No dad would let
that happen to his boy!
You'd do right to be
glad he let you live.
Now bag up the money.
♪♪
Elliot: All right. hands up.
Nice and slow.
♪♪
Step back for us.
I said. "Step back." Please.
♪♪
No. Fuck. No.
[Door rattling]
♪♪
[Thud. glass shattering]
[Fabric tearing]
♪♪
[Screams]
Aah!
♪♪
[Screams]
[Cleaver slashes]
♪♪
[Screams]
[Sobs]
♪♪
[Sobbing]
The other one in the car...
where are they taking him?
♪♪
No!
[High-pitched tone ringing]
♪♪
[Horn honks]
I needed that address.
And we got it to you.
I needed it sooner.
Elliot. what the
fuck have you done?
I had no choice.
I got there too late
to save the boy.
And they took the other
one before I even got here.
Hey. Hey!
Two years undercover.
Have I ever fucked you over?
We have an opportunity here.
In the space of a day. I've
gone from being a nobody
outside that church to
being invited into their home.
[Spits]
Sean Wallace himself
calling me by name.
tasking me to find the
guy who killed his father!
Belize dollars. fuck ton of it.
More than anyone
would pay two kids.
It might be something.
Or it might be nothing.
It's too late.
They want you out. Oh. fuck.
And I am running out
of ideas to keep you in.
We haven't delivered.
But now we can.
Vick. don't make
this all be for nothing.
They're clean.
[Thud]
♪♪
Thank you.
[Engine starts]
[Engine revs. tires screeching]
♪♪
[Siren wailing]
[Sighs]
♪♪
Head west. To Evie.
She'll have a boat waiting
once they get tired
of tracking him.
♪♪
I'm not sorry.
'Cause I'm not the
one who should be.
One day. you'll understand.
Say nothing to no one.
You hear?!
♪♪
Watch over him. Mal. for me.
Of course.
♪♪
[Vehicle door opens]
[Vehicle door closes]
♪♪
[Conversing in native language]
[Cellphone rings]
♪♪
[Ringing continues]
[Cellphone beeps]
♪♪
[Speaking native language]
Okay. boss.
♪♪
[Soft clatter]
Hey. Who's there?
♪♪
Oh.
Jesus. fuck. Ed.
[Chuckles]
Oh. man. I thought you were...
Good to have you
back with us. Jack.
[Chuckles]
Thank you.
[Straining]
[Sighs]
They found money on him.
On his body.
Yeah.
Yeah. h-he had
a bag of it on him.
I'm tired. Jack.
I'm tired of being the one
holding all of this together.
Look. Ed...
sooner or later.
they're gonna find out.
About her. about all of this.
Jack... But they're not
gonna hear it from me.
Do you understand me?
They're not gonna hear it from me.
not one word. but [Sighs]
fuck. man. when they do know.
they're gonna wanna
know why I didn't tell them.
Look. I guess I just...
I just wanna make sure
that I'm in the clear. is all. Ed.
You know?
Where were you taking him?
Later? What was the plan?
I don't know.
Yeah. you do.
[Breathes sharply]
I took...
I took a fucking car
to the body. man.
I didn't do nothing wrong.
[Scoffs]
No one's gonna think that.
Okay?
No one.
Trust me.
Ed...
I can't move. I
can't move my arm.
I know.
♪♪
No.
No. please.
Ed. no.
Please. No. no.
No.
♪♪
Believe me. I take
no enjoyment in this.
I wish I didn't have to do it.
But I do.
The truth is. I haven't
had to do this for years.
♪♪
But it's for the good
of the family. Jack.
It really is.
And that's all there is to it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm